version_updates.md, before:

================ ALPHAbot v3.2.0 =====================
- Added the main cfm_menu fns
- Need to stress test
- Added msgs for future bday IC part
- Removed all uses of effective message
- Allowed emojis for the confirmation message

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.1 =====================
- Hot fix for send_typing_action

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.1 =====================
- Hot fix for timezones

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.0 =====================
- Added conversation timeouts (15mins)
- Added spam chat with a call has started
- Added broadcast function
- Added hidden coders only update functions for immediate updates

================ ALPHAbot v3.0.1 =====================
- Dockerised ALPHAbot
- Version Updates separated from README.md which now only describes what ALPHAbot does in the latest update
- added requirements.txt

================ ALPHAbot v 3.0.0 ====================
- Now using python telegram bot which is a package to deal with the API to handle callbacks and queries.
- Moving forward, the bot should no longer manually check for updates and store data in mem

Commit message:

Hotfix for server starting issues

version_updates.md, after:

================ ALPHAbot v3.2.0 =====================
- Hotfix for server issues
- Added start.sh (separated from server_setup.sh)

================ ALPHAbot v3.2.0 =====================
- Added the main cfm_menu fns
- Need to stress test
- Added msgs for future bday IC part
- Removed all uses of effective message
- Allowed emojis for the confirmation message

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.1 =====================
- Hot fix for send_typing_action

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.1 =====================
- Hot fix for timezones

================ ALPHAbot v3.1.0 =====================
- Added conversation timeouts (15mins)
- Added spam chat with a call has started
- Added broadcast function
- Added hidden coders only update functions for immediate updates

================ ALPHAbot v3.0.1 =====================
- Dockerised ALPHAbot
- Version Updates separated from README.md which now only describes what ALPHAbot does in the latest update
- added requirements.txt

================ ALPHAbot v 3.0.0 ====================
- Now using python telegram bot which is a package to deal with the API to handle callbacks and queries.
- Moving forward, the bot should no longer manually check for updates and store data in mem
